Explain drawbacks of physical folders vs logical packages (#2954)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/advanced-features/s3-bucket-organization.md

There's no one folder structure that works for everyone. For instance,
if you organize experiments by `department/date` then it's tedious for users to

> look at everything that happened on a given data. And vice versa. Since

Author: ```suggestion
look at everything that happened on a given date. And vice versa. Since
```

there's no one folder structure that works for everyone in the business,
files are copied so that they can be found through multiple folder paths.
But copies reduce *uniquness*. As a result users don't know which copy of
the file to trust. These copies then diverge, further reducing trust in data.

### Folder names are not metadata

As users try to keep files organized they put metadata in the file names and
paths. This is fragile. First, files and folders can be moved, thus
severing their connection to metadata stored in the path. Second, file names
with metadata can only get so long before they become unusable. Finally,
metadata and folder-naming conventions vary across users, making metadata in
the path of low consistency, low quality, and low trust.

We call file paths _physical_ views because they are fixed addresses for data
on disk or in blob storage.

# Package logical views are more flexible than fixed physical views

For the above reasons reason, packages offer both metadata tags and infinite
_logical_ views atop _physical_ locations in S3. Metadata tags prevent file names
from getting longer and longer to hackily include metadata.

> With Quilt packages you can include one S3 object in thousands of logical
> packages without ever copying that object. Or you can "reorganize" S3
> without moving any objects, with custom package views of S3 for each team,
> by using Quilt packages and the `.set*()` API calls.

Author: ```suggestion
With Quilt packages, you can include a given S3 object in as many
packages without ever copying that object. Or you can organize multiple S3 buckets
into single packages under any logical folder structure that you wish (by using the Quilt catalog
or `.set*()` APIs).
```
